# Toto ML Registry: Concepts & Data Model

Registry bases itself of a few key entities: 
* **Champion Model**: this is the model that is actually running in your production environment. 
* **Retrained Model**: this is the model resulting from retraining your champion model. A Retrained Model is **not running in production**. The process of replacing the current production model (the Champion) with the retrained model is called **Promotion**. 

**Promotion** is described more in details in the [processes guide](guides/processes.md).

## Champion Model
Champion Models in Registry are described by the following attributes: 
* **Name**: this is the name of the model. It **must be unique** in Toto ML Registry. The model name is used by the APIs as a unique identifier of the model, it's used as a key to store model files and other information, so it is really important to consider this name as a unique identifier. 
* **Version**: this is the current version of the Champion Model. It is the version that is running in your production environment. Versions can only be incremented by the [Promotion process](guides/processes.md). The version is an integer number and there is no concept of major or minor version of a model.
* **Metrics**: they represent the score of the model. Metrics are generated by the [Scoring process](guides/processes.md). Metrics are completely specific to your model, and are defined by you when implementing the model. See more about this in the [TotoML Python SDK](?). 

## Retrained Model
A Retrained Model is the output of the [Training process](guides/processes.md). <br/>
Everytime a model is retrained, the output of the training (model, files and anything you want to save) are saved. 

Through [Promotion process](guides/processes.md), a retrained model is brought into production, replacing the current Champion Model.